So, before we make a React project, we have to install two important things.
The first thing is Node.js.
So, what is Node.js?
Node.js is basically a JavaScript runtime.
That is, the JavaScript language was first made to be used in browsers.
But as developers started liking this language more and it became more convenient to use,
a runtime of JavaScript was created, which we call Node.js.
What it does is, by using its functionality, you can use JavaScript like other programming languages in your computer.
Just like you use Python and C++.
And you can also use it on the server side.
So, first we install Node.js and when we will be doing our project further, you will understand it better.
So, to install Node.js, you have to search for Node.js.
You have to enter it.
It is the first website.
You have to click on it.
And you have to click on the recommended for most users.
As you will click here, you will save it here.
Here you can see the downloaded file.
You will save it.
So, here you can see that our download has started.
Okay.
So, after downloading, you just have to click on the basic setup.
Just like you install the rest of the apps, you have to click on next, next and click on install.
So, your app will be installed.
Now, I will not show you the whole setup after installing it.
Because I have already installed it.
And it is very easy.
You can also just click on next, next and click on install and install it.
As you will click here on the setup.
And you have clicked on it.
Okay.
After that, you will see the next, next button below.
Here you have to click on the next, next button.
Then you have to accept the agreement here.
And you have to install it by doing next, next.
Okay.
Your install will be completed.
Now, after that, you have to check one more thing.
When it is installed, you have to open your command prompt.
And after opening it.
You have to type something here.
Note space minus V.
As soon as you type it.
Then you will get the version of your note space.
That which version you have installed.
So, here I have done 16th.
If your version is more or less than this.
If the version is more.
Then it should not be less.
Because you have just installed it.
So, your version after this or after this.
So, your version will be showing there.
Okay.
This work will be done on everyone.
There is no need to worry.
So, when you install it.
Your first work is done.
The second thing you have to install is VSCode.
Then you have to search for VSCode.
And VSCode is basically a code editor.
Which is developed by Windows.
To do coding.
That means you can write your codes in it.
You can do file management.
You can do a lot of things in it.
It is very convenient.
Why are we using only this?
In other things like notepad.
We used to make websites in childhood.
Why are we not using it?
We are using it because.
Because it is very convenient to write your code in it.
Here you get code suggestions.
After that here you get syntax highlighting.
Sometimes you get an error.
It is coming.
So, this is also informed to you.
So, you can do all things conveniently in it.
And you will understand these things well in the future.
So, here you will just click on download for Windows.
And here your download will start.
You will save it.
And it will download.
And the same process you have to install by clicking next next.
This install will be completed.
After that.
As soon as your VSCode is installed.
So, something like this will open for you.
See, mine is installed.
So, it is also opening something like this.
And when it will be installed.
When you click on finish.
So, something like this is going to open for you.
VSCode.
Okay.
So, you will get a welcome page.
So, you cut it.
Now here you see.
It is asking to create a new folder.
To create a new file.
So, you can create a new file by clicking here.
You can create a new folder by clicking on it.
And by doing this.
You can refresh the files.
Lastly.
When you have installed this much.
Then after that.
What you have to do is.
Click on view.
So, you have to click on view.
And by clicking on view.
You have to click on extensions here.
You will click on extensions.
And you have to search here ES7.
What are these extensions?
They make it more convenient to write your code.
And.
Add some utilities.
Okay.
So, you just install it.
Now you don't have to understand much here.
So, you will search in ES7.
You will click here first.
And.
I have installed it just now.
So, I am getting this option here.
You will get the install option here.
You have to click on install.
After that.
You have to install this one below it.
So, here our first thing is completed.
You have to come back to the floor by clicking on view.
So, our first setup is completed.
VS Code.
Installation.
And NodeJS installation.